== Welcome to Base

Base is a Rails application template with a bootstrap based backoffice and frontend.

== Installation

## Trouble with running migrations

There's a known problem with translations related routes if translations table is not created. Just comment these lines in <tt>config/routes.rb</tt>, apply the migrations, and uncomment again:

  # mount Interpret::Engine => "/admin/interpret"

  # localized(LOCALES_STRING) do
    # resources :sessions, only: [:new, :create, :destroy]
    # resources :password_resets, only: [:new, :create, :edit, :update]
  # end

== Deployment

There's a <tt>deploy</tt> rake task that deploys to heroku. Still not much tested. For setting it up you have to change the following lines in <tt>lib/tasks/deploy.rake</tt> (just the production one if you don't have a staging environment):

  PRODUCTION_APP = 'YOUR_PRODUCTION_APP_NAME_ON_HEROKU'
  STAGING_APP = 'YOUR_STAGING_APP_NAME_ON_HEROKU'

It marks deploys as releases and there are several tasks. The main one is:

  rake deploy_production

which runs the following tasks

  rake deploy:push
  rake deploy:migrate
  rake deploy:interpret
  rake deploy:restart
  rake deploy:tag

It is important not to miss the interpret update task, because otherways new translations won't work as expected.

== Frontend

There's a <tt>app/assets/stylesheets/frontend/base_variables.less</tt> file on which you can override bootstrap base variables.

For style development you can turn on Livereload, which connects rails to the browser, compiles styles and scripts and updates the browser as you save. Just start  process like this:

  guard -P livereload

== Backoffice

User management: Sorcery
